[DOC] Fix task_scheduler_hadnle description (#509)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: doc/main/reference/blocking_terminate.rst

Member Functions
----------------

.. cpp:function:: task_scheduler_handle()

    **Effects**: Creates an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class that does not contain any reference to the task scheduler.

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: ~task_scheduler_handle()

    **Effects**: Destroys an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class.
    Releases a reference to the task scheduler and deactivates an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class.

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: task_scheduler_handle(task_scheduler_handle&& other) noexcept

>     **Effects**: Creates an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class that references the task scheduler referenced by other. In turn, ``other`` releases its reference to the task scheduler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Effects**: Creates an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class that references the task scheduler referenced by ``other``. In turn, ``other`` releases its reference to the task scheduler.
```

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: task_scheduler_handle& operator=(task_scheduler_handle&& other) noexcept

>     **Effects**: Releases a reference to the task scheduler referenced with ``this``. Adds a reference to the task scheduler referenced with ``other``.

Reviewer: I think, we can rewrite it as we did above:

 **Effects**: Releases a reference to the task scheduler referenced by ``this``. Adds a reference to the task scheduler referenced by ``other``.

Author: ```suggestion
    **Effects**: Releases a reference to the task scheduler referenced by ``this``. Adds a reference to the task scheduler referenced by ``other``.
```

>     ``other`` releases a reference to the task scheduler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In turn, ``other`` releases its reference to the task scheduler.
```

Member Functions
----------------

.. cpp:function:: task_scheduler_handle()

>     **Effects**: Creates an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class that does not contain any reference to a task scheduler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Effects**: Creates an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class that does not contain any reference to the task scheduler.
```

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: ~task_scheduler_handle()

    **Effects**: Destroys an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class.
    Releases a reference to the task scheduler and deactivates an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class.

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: task_scheduler_handle(task_scheduler_handle&& other) noexcept

>     **Effects**: Creates an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class that references to the task scheduler referenced with ``other``.

Reviewer: Does ``other`` references the task scheduler or otherwise? Or do both reference to one another?

>     **Effects**: Creates an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class that references to the task scheduler referenced with ``other``.
>     ``other`` releases a reference to the task scheduler.

Author: ```suggestion
    **Effects**: Creates an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class that references the task scheduler referenced by other. In turn, ``other`` releases its reference to the task scheduler.
```

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: task_scheduler_handle& operator=(task_scheduler_handle&& other) noexcept

>     **Effects**: Releases a reference to the task scheduler referenced with ``this`` and adds a reference to the task scheduler referenced with ``other``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Effects**: Releases a reference to the task scheduler referenced with ``this``. Adds a reference to the task scheduler referenced with ``other``.
```

    ``other`` releases a reference to the task scheduler.

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: explicit operator bool() const noexcept

>     **Returns**: ``true`` if ``this`` references any task scheduler; otherwise, returns ``false``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Returns**: ``true`` if ``this`` references any task scheduler; ``false`` otherwise.
```

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: task_scheduler_handle get()

>     **Returns**: An instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class that holds a references to the task scheduler preventing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Returns**: An instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class that holds a reference to the task scheduler preventing
```

Reviewer 2: Any notes that it should be called before TBB initialization?

>     it from premature destruction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    its premature destruction.
```
